DataBased
Garrett Willis
Matthew MacDevitt
Logan Bates
Austin Wroblos
Chan Mrotzek
Bridget Acosta
GitHub Project URL: https://github.com/CS325DataBased/Project1
Last Modified: 12-8-23

Name for application/system: TypeBased

Description of your application/system/scenario:
We sell typewriters and refill supplies for typewriters. A customer can visit the website
and create an account by providing their name, address, shipping address, billing address, and
credit card information. They can then login and view the catalog. The customer selects the
items they want to purchase and adds them to their cart. They review their order and enter their
shipping and billing information. They then select a payment method and complete the checkout
process. Customers can also subscribe to recurring orders for refill supplies by creating a
subscription template that specifies the items they want to receive and the due date for each
shipment. Once a customer has created a subscription, the system will automatically create a
subscription order for each shipment a day before the due date.
The system tracks the status of each shipment and order. Orders can have one of four
statuses: Pending, Shipped, Invoiced, or Returned. Shipments for each line item of an order can
have one of three statuses: Pick, Pack, or Shipped.
Authorized users can view and report on order and shipment status. Authorized users
can view and edit customer information, and catalog information on the customer maintenance
page and catalog maintenance page.

Questions people might ask within this scenario:
1. Which customers and how many have subscribed to a recurring order for typewriter
ribbon in the past 6 months?
2. What are the items that are most frequently shipped from January to March of this year?
3. What items are sold the most by state?
4. Which is the order status for subscription items that have been purchased?
5. How many subscriptions do we have and what are they for?

Business Rules:
1. A customer must create an account before placing an order.
2. A customer must provide valid shipping and billing information when placing an order.
3. A customer cannot place an order for more items than are available in the catalog.
4. A customer must pay for an order before it can be processed.
5. A subscription must have a subscription period.
6. A customer can cancel or suspend their subscription template at any time.
7. Authorized users can view and edit customer information, and catalog information on the
customer maintenance page and catalog maintenance page.
8. A customer cannot create a subscription for an item that is currently out of stock.
9. A customer cannot cancel a subscription within 24 hours of the next scheduled
shipment.
10. A customer can have an account without having an order.
